Psalm 88 a song a psalm of the sons of
korah to the chief musician said to male
athlean ah a contemplation of Heymann
the ezra height Oh Lord God of my
salvation I have cried out day and night
before you let my prayer come before you
incline your ear to my cry for my soul
is full of troubles and my life draws
near to the grave
I am counted with those who go down to
the pit I am like a man who has no
strength adrift among the dead like the
slain who lie in the grave whom you
remember no more and who are cut off
from your hand you have laid me in the
lowest pit in darkness in the depths
morass lies heavy upon me and you have
afflicted me with all your ways you have
put away my acquaintances far from me
you have made me an abomination to them
I am shut up and I cannot get out my
high wastes away because of affliction
lord I have called daily
I have stretched out my hands to you
will you work wonders for the dead shall
the dead arise and praise you shall your
loving-kindness be declared in the grave
or your faithfulness in the place of
destruction shall your wonders be known
in the dark and your righteousness in
the land of forgetfulness but to you I
have cried out or Lord and in the
morning my prayer comes before you Lord
why do you cast off my soul why do you
hide your face from me I have been
afflicted and ready to die for my youth
I suffer your terrors I am distraught
your fearsome wrath has gone over me
your terrors have cut me off they came
around me all day long like water they
engulfed me all together loved one and
friend you have put far from me and my
acquaintances into darkness
[Music]